Start How can you use workflow management systems for reproducible data analysis? (#1242)
elixir-europe/rdmkit: pages/your_tasks/data_analysis.md

* Before creating a workflow, it is important to define the scope and objectives of the analysis. This will help you to determine the type of data to collect, the analysis methods to use, and the resources required for the analysis.
* After defining the scope and objectives, the next step is to determine the tools and software to use. You need to choose software that is compatible with the type of data you want to analyze and the analysis methods you plan to use.
* Once you have determined the tools and software to use, the next step is to create the workflow. This involves breaking down the analysis process into small, manageable steps that can be automated. Each step should be clearly defined, and the inputs and outputs of each step should be documented.
* If you want to use containers, you can now define the container images for the execution of the entire workflow or for the individual tasks.
* After creating the workflow, it is important to test it to ensure that it works as expected. You can do this by running a test dataset through the workflow and checking the outputs to ensure they match the expected results.

> * Once you have tested the workflow, the next step is to run it on your dataset. You can run the workflow locally on your computer or on a cloud-based platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Once you have tested the workflow, the next step is to run it on your dataset. Depending on the size of your data, you can run the workflow locally on your computer or on a remote workflow management system.
```

### Solutions

- Most workflow management systems provide detailed tutorials and documentation for creating workflows and including containerization technologies. Here are documentations for [Nextflow](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/docker.html), [Snakemake](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/snakefiles/deployment.html), [Cromwell](https://cromwell.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/Containers/), [CWL](https://www.commonwl.org/user_guide/topics/using-containers.html).
- The [Biocontainer](https://biocontainers.pro/) project provides a platform for storing and sharing containers that can used in your workflow.
- The [bio.tools](https://bio.tools/) repository lists state of the art tools and databases from the field of bioinformatics ordered by collections and communities.
- [OpenEBench](https://openebench.bsc.es/) is a framework for monitoring and  benchmarking analysis tools and workflows.

> - Sharing and re-using workflows is supported by the [WorkflowHub](https://workflowhub.eu/) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [WorkflowHub](https://workflowhub.eu/) and [Dockstore](https://dockstore.org/) are two popular services for sharing and re-using workflows.
```
